sent10	Israel television rejected a skit by comedian Tuvia Tzafir that attacked public apathy by depicting an Israeli family watching TV while a fire raged outside .
sent17	An art exhibit at the Hakawati Theatre in Arab east Jerusalem was a series of portraits of Palestinians killed in the rebellion .
sent23	PERUGIA , Italy -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent26	Officials in Perugia in Umbria province said five people were arrested there Tuesday night after police stopped their car and found $1 million in bogus bills in the trunk .
sent27	The ANSA news agency said the operation involved police in Umbria and Lazio provinces in central Italy and Campania province in the south , without specifying exact arrest locations .
sent28	Rome is in Lazio province and Naples in Campania .
sent34	Reagan sounded positive notes reminiscent of earlier speeches throughout his political career _ the pre-eminent position of ` ` We the People ' ' in the American system , the image of America as a shining ` ` city upon a hill , ' ' the importance of paying more attention to American history .
sent35	There was no mention of the ` ` iron triangle ' ' of members of Congress , the news media and special interest groups who , in a speech to political appointees in Washington on Dec. 13 , Reagan claimed had prevented his administration from balancing the federal budget .
sent36	Nor did he argue , as he did in a speech at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville Dec. 16 , that Congress had perpetuated a dangerous situation in Central America by its ` ` on-again , off-again indecisiveness ' ' on his program of aid to the anti-communist Contra rebels .
sent37	There was no mention at all of the Contras , the arms sales to Iran or the enormous trade deficits that during Reagan 's tenure have turned America into the world 's biggest debtor nation .
sent46	W. Dale Nelson covers the White House for The Associated Press .
sent50	A Texas professor who helped mount President Nixon 's unsuccessful attempt to resist a key Watergate subpoena is being considered for the post of U.S. solicitor .
sent52	Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
sent56	Wright , a University of Texas law professor , served as one of Nixon 's lawyers in 1973 and 1974 while the Watergate special prosecutor was trying to subpoena the White House tapes .
sent59	Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who took the bench in 1982 , and Starr , a fellow appointee of President Reagan , are both known as judicial conservatives .
sent60	Starr , who served as counselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 prior to taking the bench in 1983 , had been mentioned as a possible Supreme Court nominee after his former colleague on the District of Columbia circuit , Robert Bork , failed to win Senate confirmation in 1987 .
sent68	But four years later , Wright said he would vote against Barry Goldwater because he felt the Arizona senator supported a ` ` slowdown on civil rights ' ' and would take a ` ` harder , more dangerous line on foreign relations. ' '
sent70	STOCKTON-ON-TEES , England -LRB- AP -RRB- _ Michael Minns received $160 , 000 from the father he never knew and thought was killed in World War II .
sent72	He said he only learned his father was a war-stress patient at St. Nicholas Hospital in Gosforth in northeast England after he died two years ago .
sent77	An enraged Nikita Khrushchev instructed Soviet ships to ignore President Kennedy 's naval blockade during the Cuban missile crisis , but the order was reversed just hours before an inevitable confrontation , according to a new book .
sent78	James G. Blight and David A. Welch of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government say that ` ` if this order had held , war between the superpowers would probably have commenced at sea , shortly after 10 o 'clock on Wednesday morning , Oct. 24 , 1962 , several hundred miles off the coast of Cuba. ' '
sent79	Anastas Mikoyan , then Soviet first deputy premier , was the catalyst for the reversal of Khrushchev 's order , according to the authors .
sent80	Mikoyan ` ` preempted Khrushchev 's order to run the blockade and ordered Soviet ships to stop just short of the quarantine line , ' ' they say .
sent83	The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .
sent86	The book said Khrushchev 's order to ignore the blockade was disclosed in a largely unknown work by dissident Soviet historian Roy Medvedev .
sent88	Their theory that the warheads were blocked by the quarantine is at odds with a recent disclosure by Aleksander Alekseev , the former ambassador to Cuba , who said in a recent Soviet magazine that 42 medium-range missiles were fully operational .
sent89	But the authors suggested that Alekseev , along with others in the Soviet diplomatic corps , were not receiving accurate information from Moscow about the missiles .
sent92	MILAN , Italy -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent95	` ` If it does not snow , and a lot , within this month we will have no water to submerge 150 , 000 hectares -LRB- 370 , 500 acres -RRB- of rice , ' ' said Bruno Pusterla , a top official of the Italian Agricultural Confederation .
sent105	However , Franca Chlistovsky , who heads the Brera metereologic institute in Milan , said this winter 's dry spell was not exceptional and several worse years have been registered since 1950 .
sent110	Soprano Judy Kaye , who won a Tony on Broadway last year , stars in the New York Opera Repertory Theater production , and is splendid in the pivotal role of Abbie .
sent118	The New York Opera Repertory Theater was founded in 1977 by Leigh Gibbs Gore , who conducted the opera .
sent119	Composer Thomas is a native of Chisholm , Minn .
sent129	In Wednesday 's announcement , locations containing unused or underutilized federally owned buildings deemed suitable for homeless facilities were listed as : Clear Air Force Station , Alaska ;
sent130	Hot Springs National Park , Ark. ;
sent131	Carbondale Mining Technology Center , Carterville , Ill. ;
sent132	GSA Depot , Watertown , Mass. ;
sent133	Fort Snelling , Minn. ;
sent134	Army Reserve Center , Springfield , Mo. ;
sent135	Fire Island National Seashore , Patchogue , N.Y. ;
sent136	Aguadilla , Puerto Rico ;
sent137	GSA Depot , Davisville , R.I. ; and Mineral Wells , Texas .
sent138	Locations containing suitable federally owned land were listed as : Fort Wainwright annex , Fairbanks , Alaska ;
sent139	Andrews Lock and Dam , Henry County , Ala. ;
sent140	U.S. Coast Guard Training Center , Petaluma , Calif. ;
sent141	San Gabriel River Channel , Azusa , Calif. ;
sent142	Andrews Lock and Dam , Early County , Ga. ;
sent143	Kings Bay , Ga. ;
sent144	Baton Rouge , La. ;
sent145	Andrews Air Force Base , Md. ;
sent146	Camp Butner , N.C. ;
sent147	Gallup Indian Center , N.M. ;
sent148	Fort Hamilton , Brooklyn , N.Y. ;
sent150	ATLANTIC CITY , N.J .
sent161	Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .
sent171	FRESNO , Calif .
sent173	Hoffman , who portrays an autistic savant in the movie , returned the favor and called the Fresno boy Monday , talking with Brent and his family for 20 minutes .
sent178	MEMPHIS , Tenn .
sent183	ROYAL OAK , Mich .
sent188	Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .
sent195	Boston University 's Michael D. Papagiannis said he believes the crater was created 100 million years ago when a 50-mile-wide meteorite slammed into the Earth .
sent197	It is roughly bounded by Ostined , Lesny and Liberec in Czechoslovakia and Gmund in Austria .
sent198	BONE , Idaho -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent200	` ` Temperatures didn 't get too low , but the wind chill was bad , ' ' said Bingham County Sheriff 's Lt. Bill Gordon .
sent207	The justices heard 60 minutes of arguments Wednesday on whether they will allow the execution of Johnny Paul Penry , 32 , a convicted rapist-murderer sentenced to die in Texas .
sent208	Assistant Charles A. Palmer of Texas argued that executing Penry would not violate the Constitution 's ban against cruel and inhuman punishment .
sent210	Penry raped Pamela Moseley Carpenter on Oct. 15 , 1979 , in Livingston , Texas , then stabbed her to death .
sent212	Ms. Carpenter 's brother , retired National Football League placekicker Mark Moseley , was in the courtroom Wednesday and told reporters afterward , ` ` It 's been nine years of hell for myself and my family. ' '
sent268	The United States , Britain and France joined in vetoing a Security Council resolution that ` ` deplored ' ' the U.S. Navy 's downing of two Libyan military jets over the Mediterranean on Jan. 4 .
sent276	Treiki disclosed the planned missile tests during Security Council debate Tuesday night after the U.S. 6th Fleet informed Libyan air traffic controllers so they could divert civilian air traffic .
sent278	Deputy U.S. Ambassador Herbert S. Okun announced the cancellation just before the council began debate , and officials in Washington confirmed it .
sent281	On Friday , U.S. Ambassador Vernon A. Walters displayed photographs of one Libyan jet showing shapes resembling missile pods on its wings and fuselage .
sent282	Libya 's deputy ambassador , Ali Sunni Muntasser , said the pictures were retouched and the planes were unarmed and on reconnaissance flights .
sent285	Canada 's ambassador , Yves Fortier , said the resolution contained ` ` a one-sided account. ' '
sent286	France 's deputy representative , M. Pierre Brochand , expressed similar sentiments .
sent287	In Washington , U.S officials announced that the Navy will rotate two aircraft carrier battle groups well away from Libya as one replaces the other .
sent293	U.N. financial spokesman Fred Eckhard said Wednesday that just 86 of the 159 member nations paid all their dues through the end of 1988 , leaving the world body $394.9 million in arrears in the regular budget and $355.2 million in debt for peacekeeping operations .
sent298	The mounting debt exasperated U.N. Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar as the world body embarked on new , costly peacekeeping ventures .
sent301	Perez de Cuellar said in December , when he accepted the 1988 Nobel Peace Prize on behalf of U.N. peacekeepers , that the failure of members to pay dues threatens the work of the United Nations .
sent302	President Reagan has ordered the State Department to devise a payment schedule for repaying all U.S. arrears ;
sent326	River North 's nouvelle sensibilities also might be offended by the Ranch 's menu , which features items such as the ` ` Jesse James Steak -LRB- A Steal ! -RRB- , ' ' and the occasional ornery patron .
sent327	For singer and guitarist Bob Boyd , 57 , the Ranch has been home since he left Chattanooga , Tenn. , 35 years ago .
sent333	` ` Either luck or good fortune was on my side , ' ' the shaken teacher , Donald Miller , said through United Federation of Teachers spokesman Bert Shanas .
sent335	Police contacted the boy 's mother and were trying to determine where the gun came from , Board of Education spokesman Frank Sobrino said .
sent341	TUCSON , Ariz .
sent350	Larry Martin , circulation director for the publishing company jointly owned by the parent companies of the Star and the evening Tucson Citizen , estimated that 3 , 000 to 5 , 000 bogus copies were placed in as many as 600 Star vending machines .
sent355	SPACE CENTER , Houston -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent356	` ` We 're quite proud to be flying the third flight since the -LRB- Challenger -RRB- accident , ' ' Navy Capt. Michael Coats said during the final preflight news conference Wednesday .
sent361	Volcanoes in Nicaragua and Indonesia , deforestation in Brazil and Madagascar , the Sahara desert in Africa and global beach erosion are among the subjects to be photographed .
sent372	Gale-force winds were reported in California late Wednesday , where gusts reached 69 mph at Ontario and 57 mph at El Toro .
sent373	In Colorado , 13 inches of snow in Denver Wednesday prompted officials to close Interstate 270 temporarily .
sent379	Temperatures around the nation at 2 a.m. EST ranged from 9 degrees below zero at Yellowstone , Wyo. , to 85 degrees at McAllen , Texas .
sent389	Portland , Maine 11 fair ;
sent410	The spy , high-ranking Korean CIA official Sohn Ho Young , wanted to defect because he was about to be transferred home from a post in New York City , the newspaper said .
sent412	FBI agents arrived at Sohn 's New Jersey home and escorted him to safety only 30 minutes before KCIA agents showed up , an unidentified senior law enforcement official told the Times .
sent414	Derwinski , a Republican from Chicago who served 24 years in Congress , publicly denied 1978 allegations that he leaked the information and refused to testify in the matter before a federal grand jury and the House Ethics Committee .
sent417	Derwinski 's involvement in the episode and his early lack of candor will be investigated during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination to head the new Veterans Department , said Sen. Alan Cranston , D-Calif. , chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs .
sent420	Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .
sent429	` ` If we 're going to address this problem it will be a grass-roots effort by activists throughout the cities of the world , ' ' said Jeremy Rifkin , director of the Foundation on Economic Trends and a member of the Global Greenhouse Network , a coalition of environmental activists in 35 countries .
sent437	` ` Up to 5 million trees planted in the right places in Southern California will conserve the energy equivalent of one to two new power plants , ' ' said Andy Lipkis , executive of TreePeople , a conservation and community-action group that is organizing the planting campaign .
sent443	` ` We see nothing right now that would make any difference , ' ' said Steve Wright , who directs DOE environmental studies at the SRP .
sent464	The eight-pound bomb had a detonator charge , similar to a shotgun shell , that emits smoke when it hits the ground , said Bert Byers , spokesman for Cecil Field Naval Air Station .
sent467	The FA-18 Hornet was on a mission to Pinecastle Electronic Warfare Range in the Ocala National Forest when the bomb tumbled free at 1 : 50 p.m .
sent469	BAYONNE , France -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent470	Police arrested 10 Spanish Basque militants , including Jose Antonio Urutigoechea , considered by Madrid to be a top leader of the Spanish Basque separatist organization ETA , authorities said today .
sent475	Urutigoechea and the others were arrested Wednesday in the cities of Bayonee and Bonloc in southwestern France in Poitiers in west-central France .
sent477	Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez of Spain told reporters , ` ` The police actions and the arrests are of great importance to Spanish society on such a major matter as the battle against terrorism. ' '
sent480	HAUPPAUGE , N.Y .
sent489	ANNAPOLIS , Md .
sent490	Judith C. Toth says she returned for a fourth term in Maryland 's House of Delegates because she couldn 't find a better job .
sent493	Ms. Toth , a 14-year veteran of the Legislature , decided against renting a house for the session , opting for hotel rooms and commuting about 60 miles from her Germantown home because ` ` if something came up this week or next week , I would walk out. ' '
sent494	Edward Marks , an official with the Montgomery County Democratic Party , argued that if Ms. Toth is not interested in the job , ` ` she should get out. .. .
sent495	Michael R. Gordon , chairman of the Montgomery County House delegation , thinks Ms. Toth is in an ` ` embarrassing ' ' position .
sent503	` ` We forwarded blood samples from the coyotes to the Center for Disease Control in Fort Collins and on Jan. 3 they confirmed the presence of plague. ' '
sent508	WAMPSVILLE , N.Y .
sent510	Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .
sent511	Jacobs ' lawyers asked for the stay after Cuomo signed a request from North Carolina Gov. Jim Martin on Tuesday to return Jacobs .
sent516	Jacobs has said that he would not receive a fair trial in Robeson County , N.C. , and that he fears for his life if he is returned there .
sent517	Jacobs , 20 , and Eddie Hatcher , 31 , were charged in the 1988 takeover in Lumberton , N.C.
sent521	Hatcher also fled to the Onondaga territory but has since moved to a Shoshone-Bannock reservation in Idaho .
sent523	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent533	` ` ` Ryan 's Hope ' has not been rejected by the audience , it has simply been unavailable to viewers , ' ' Jo Ann Emmerich , vice president of daytime programs for ABC Entertainment , said at the time .
sent536	It launched the careers of many well-known actors , including Corbin Bernsen , who stars on NBC 's ` ` L.A. Law , ' ' and Kate Mulgrew , star of ABC 's ` ` HeartBeat. ' '
sent537	MILLINOCKET , Maine -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent541	Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .
sent542	Daniel Sullivan , 30 , of Boothbay , went down to help and also became stuck , Fournier said .
sent543	During the 10-hour rescue , diver Brian Michaud of Millinocket hooked the men to harnesses , and rescuers dragged them to the surface with winches .
sent552	It recommended stopping nuclear fuels processing at four sites where problems have been highly publicized : the Rocky Flats Plant near Denver , the Hanford Site near Richland , Wash. , the Feed Materials Production Center at Fernald , Ohio , and the Mound Plant in Ohio .
sent554	The three reactors , all at the Savannah River Plant , in Aiken , S.C. , have been shut down since last April undergoing changes to make them safer .
sent556	To meet tritium needs , the report repeated previous administration recommendations for the construction of a $3.2 billion heavy water reactor at Savannah River and a $3.6 billion new design gas-cooled reactor at the Energy Department facility at Idaho Falls , Idaho .
sent561	An architect of President Nixon 's unsuccessful executive-privilege Watergate defense is a top prospect for the post of U.S. solicitor in the new Bush administration .
sent563	Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .
sent565	A University of Texas law professor , Wright helped devise the legal argument that executive privilege exempted Nixon from complying with a subpoena to surrender tape recordings of Oval Office conversations .
sent570	Charles Fried , the current solicitor , is leaving office to return to Harvard University Law School .
sent571	Winter , 53 , a former Yale University law professor who became a judge in 1982 , and Starr , 42 , who served as couselor to Attorney William French Smith from 1981 until his appointment to the D.C. Circuit in 1983 , had been mentioned as possible Supreme Court nominees following the 1987 retirement of Justice Lewis Powell .
sent582	The six men were found under the rubble in the basement of a nine-story apartment building which had collapsed on them , the official Soviet news agency said in a report from Yerevan , the capital of Armenia .
sent587	The quake leveled much of Leninakan , Armenia 's second-largest city 10 miles east of the Turkish border and left thousands homeless .
sent589	On Dec. 14 , rescuers pulled a mother , Susanna Petrosyan , and her 4-year-old daughter , Gayaney , out of the rubble in Leninakan .
sent597	HUNTINGTON , Ind .
sent600	The elder Quayle , publisher of the Huntington Herald-Press , said the family is still upset by media coverage of his son 's selection as President-elect George Bush 's running mate , and of the campaign that led to their election in November .
sent607	DAYTON , Ohio -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent610	Bradley First Air of Carp , Ontario , which owned the plane , said the crew members were pilots from Montreal and Ottawa .
sent614	Lt. Jim Bowell of the Butler Township Fire Department said the 4 : 45 a.m. accident set fire to about 100 yards of woods .
sent643	Redman said two employees of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service would go to Moscow to help handle the processing .
sent652	Cape Town Supreme Court Judge J.H. Berman refused to give Port Nolloth municipal authorities the right to forcibly remove the squatters , who live in shacks and tents .
sent663	Mary Campbell , a former Democratic member of the Clover Town Council , got the unasked-for tickets in the mail last month .
sent665	Campbell , who is going to the inauguration , asked that his sister Mary , who lives in Rock Hill , be mailed tickets as well .
sent667	Tony Denny , executive director of the state Republican Party , said he didn 't know of any mix-up , but that Mary Campbell of Clover is free to keep her tickets .
sent670	After buying the shawl for $1 , 600 , Darryl Breniser of Blue Ball , said the approximately 2-by-5 foot shawl was worth the money .
sent674	Chris Herr , shearer for the winning Wool Wizards , finished his sheep first in about 2 -LCB- minutes .
sent748	It seems to be more effective , ' ' said Dr. Alain Farley of McGill University in Montreal .
sent755	Dr. David Graham of the Veterans Administration O Center in Houston , who has also studied the new drug , said some experts are concerned about the long-term effects of shutting down acid secretion almost completely .
sent756	` ` Blaze , ' ' a film about a former governor and a stripper , will star Paul Newman as Louisiana Gov. Earl Long .
sent769	Actor Karl Malden will teach acting in realistic American drama for two weeks beginning Monday at Vanderbilt University .
sent770	He will be the first Vanderbilt artist-in-residence under an endowment in honor of Fred Coe , a director-producer who grew up in Nashville and worked on network TV shows such as Philco Playhouse , Playhouse 90 , Producer 's Showcase and others .
sent780	Pittsburgh Mayor Sophie Masloff touted the joys of her favorite city on the nationally televised Pat Sajak Show and put an end to rumors that she sometimes arrives at work with a cup of homemade chicken soup .
sent787	Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Yasser Arafat addressed a league committee and berated Arab colleagues for reneging on their promise of aid to the people of the Israeli occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip .
sent790	Gadhafi requested the meeting of foreign ministers after two U.S. Navy planes downed the Libyan jets , which American officials say were about to attack the U.S. craft .
sent793	` ` The U.S. has the biggest stock of chemical arms in the world , and it is trying to obstruct other countries from having their own , ' ' said Arab League Secretary-General Chedli Klibi .
sent802	The National Aeronautics and Space Administration announced Thursday that Ulf D. Merbold , 47 , of the European Space Agency and Roger K. Crouch of NASA have been chosen to train to perform materials sciences experiments on the International Microgravity Laboratory-1 mission scheduled for April 1991 .
sent806	In addition to the specialists , NASA said the mission crew will include five members of the U.S. astronaut corps .
sent811	He graduated from high school from Benton , Tenn. and from Tennessee Tech in Cookville , and holds a doctorate in physics from Virginia Tech .
sent816	Dominique Beuff of the International Committee of the Red Cross in Khartoum said he had reports of people dying at the rate of up to four a day in some areas of the south affected by a 5-year-old civil war .
sent817	Reith Chuol , governor of the Upper Nile region , told reporters there were unconfirmed reports of 15 people dying there every day .
sent830	` ` These are the tactics of a marginalized force driven to extremes by desperation , ' ' said Abrams , whose 3 -LCB- -year service as head of the Latin America bureau will end next week with the inauguration of President-elect Bush .
sent843	King rose to prominence after Mrs. Parks ' action in December 1955 in Montgomery , Ala. , set the stage for a boycott and subsequent demonstrations that caught the nation by surprise .
sent851	Attending were Spencer Christian of ABC 's ` ` Good Morning , America ' ' ;
sent855	BANGKOK , Thailand -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent857	The meeting will be held at the request of the Soviet Union , which also plans direct talks with resistance leader Prince Norodom Sihanouk , said Sihanouk 's son and representative in Thailand , Prince Norodom Ranariddh .
sent860	At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' '
sent862	Soviet Foreign Eduard A. Shevardnadze is to visit China next month to pave the way for the first Chinese-Soviet summit in 30 years , Chinese television reported Monday .
sent871	In Beijing Thursday , spokesman Li repeated China 's position that the key to the solution of the Cambodian conflict ` ` lies in the genuine and complete Vietnamese troop withdrawal at the earliest possible date and effective international supervision. ' '
sent873	During that time , an estimated 2 million of Cambodia 's 8 million people died from Khmer Rouge executions , famine and civil unrest .
sent878	The odds of becoming a murder victim are five times greater for non-white males born now than for the overall population of the United States , the FBI said Thursday .
sent885	The overall murder rate in the United States has leaped 34 percent between 1967 and 1987 , the FBI reported .
sent889	WARSAW , Poland -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent891	Walesa , a shipyard electrician who founded the independent Solidarity union movement in 1980 , said Poles are restive and fed up with high prices and shortages .
sent894	Walesa said Solidarity wants to avoid unrest .
sent896	A rally of several thousand Solidarity supporters was held Tuesday at the Lenin Shipyard in Gdansk , where Walesa works .
sent899	DAYTON , Ohio -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent902	Bruce Jonasson , manager of Bradley First Air , said pilots from Montreal and Ottawa were the plane 's only occupants .
sent904	The explosion set fire to about 100 yards of wooded area , said Lt. Jim Bowell of the Butler Township Fire Department .
sent906	The plane , owned by Bradley First Air , of Ottawa , Canada , was carrying cargo to Montreal for Emery Air Freight Corp. , an air freight courier service with a hub at the Dayton airport .
sent907	Gary Hess , an Emery employee , saw the plane go down as he was getting off work at the airport .
sent908	Joe Weitz , another Emery employee , said the plane appeared to burst into flame shortly after it cleared the runway .
sent915	Eastport International of Upper Marlboro , Md. , which has been involved in deep-water recovery of wreckage of the space shuttle Challenger as well as other air crashes , retrieved the recorder last Friday from a depth of 14 , 800 feet with its $5 million ` ` remote recovery vehicle ' ' known as Gemini 6000 .
sent922	AOSTA , Italy -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent930	Tensions have increased in the predominantly French-speaking province since December , when the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that a provincial law requiring all signs to be only in French was unconstitutional .
sent934	The Globe and Mail , which calls itself Canada 's national newspaper , said in an editorial Thursday that Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa ` ` has received , and deserves , strong criticism for his decision on the language of commercial signs in Quebec. .. .
sent938	Prime Brian Mulroney 's Progressive Conservative Party won its second consecutive majority government in the election , and he signed the trade pact with President Reagan in January 1988 .
sent951	` ` The Challenger accident marked a major change in the U.S. outlook and policies with respect to the flight of other than NASA astronauts , ' ' the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said in a policy statement .
sent952	Sen. Jake Garn , R-Utah , flew on the shuttle in April 1985 and Rep. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , was aboard in January 1986 , at the invitation of NASA 's administrator .
sent953	In 1985 , shuttle passengers included Sultan Al-Saud of Saudi Arabia and Rodolfo Neri Vela , a Mexican .
sent955	Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .
sent961	Psacharapoulos , who died of colon cancer while vacationing , was engaged to be married to actress Jean Hackett of New York City .
sent962	Born in Athens , Psacharopoulos came to the United States at age 17 to enter Oberlin College , where he studied art history .
sent966	In 1988 , he directed three productions : ` ` A Street Car Named Desire ' ' on Broadway , ` ` Sweet Bird of Youth ' ' at the Royal Alexandra Theatre in Toronto , Canada , and ` ` The Legend of Oedipus ' ' in Williamstown .
sent967	Larry Jinks has been named publisher of the San Jose Mercury News , succeeding William A. Ott , who will become the newspaper 's chairman , the Knight-Ridder , Inc. announced Thursday .
sent1016	` ` Weather like this is awful for restaurants , ' ' said Lou Ray , owner of the Smokehouse cafe in Fontana .
sent1019	At a large truck stop east of the airport , some 2 , 000 truck drivers and campers waited for the winds to die down , said Lance Davis , general manager of Truck Stops of America in Ontario .
sent1022	Elsewhere , a downed power line was blamed for a brush fire that charred 200 acres in Orange County , said county Fire Department Capt. Hugh Madlock .
sent1026	Other power lines brought down by high winds caused outages that affected about 6 , 000 homes and businesses served by Southern California Edison in Los Angeles and Orange counties , said Edison spokesman Kevin Kelly .
sent1027	The winds also overturned trucks on Interstates 10 and 15 , which remained open with traffic moving about 5 mph , said California Highway Patrol Officer James O 'Brien .
sent1028	In San Bernardino County , winds ripped off part of the roof of the sheriff 's station in Rancho Cucamonga and damaged several private cars , said Deputy Denise Garland .
sent1037	` ` He -LRB- LaFarge -RRB- was the one who supposedly taught Tiffany how to make the Favrile glass , ' ' said auctioneer William Doyle , who operates an auction house in Manhattan .
sent1040	Maxwell 's Plum , once a hot spot among trendy New Yorkers in the 1960s , saw its fortunes fail in the highly competitive Manhattan restaurant market of the 1980s .
sent1043	I 'm having so much fun , I may try this with Tavern on the Green , ' ' said LeRoy , an avid collector who also owns that famed New York restaurant .
sent1049	The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .
sent1050	Viscomi was shot in the back in 1979 by John Hoopsick , who held a longtime grudge against him , and who hours earlier purchased the shotgun and ammunition at a K mart store in Niagara Falls .
sent1053	Smith said there have been a number of successful civil cases against gun retailers in other states , including a recent judgment against K mart in a similar case in St. Claire Shores , Mich .
sent1054	Leslie Kota , a spokeswoman for K mart based in Troy , Mich. , said the company would appeal the ruling .
sent1063	Stacy Lin Bickel , 25 , of Tempe pleaded guilty in November to negligent homicide in the death of Deborah Sue Tomazin , 24 , of Phoenix .
sent1065	The bungled attempt took place March 27 in the office of Miss Bickel 's former employer , Tempe plastic surgeon Richard Pavese .
sent1066	Maricopa County Superior Court Judge Lindsay Ellis also ordered Miss Bickel to pay $5 , 500 in restitution to Miss Tomazin 's family and to perform 40 hours per week of community service indefinitely .
sent1102	By contrast , nearly 6 million square feet of downtown office space is newly completed , under construction or has received city permits , said Virginia Galle , a City Council member and CAP supporter .
sent1103	` ` We 're not anti-growth in the traditional sense , ' ' says Patrick Strosahl , a jeweler and president of Vision Seattle , which supports CAP .
sent1109	Folke Nyberg , a professor of urban planning and architecture at the University of Washington , agreed Seattle 's location on the Pacific Rim means it will grow , but disagreed that concentrated downtown growth is good .
sent1114	Gilmore , of the Downtown Seattle Association , said that the city 's 1985 downtown zoning was the product of four years of debate and that any changes should be made through more hearings and City Council votes .
sent1131	There are even hopeful signs in Chicago 's schools , branded 14 months ago as the nation 's worst by U.S. Secretary William J. Bennett .
sent1132	Illinois Gov. James Thompson signed legislation last month scrapping Chicago 's central school board next July , to be replaced by parent-run councils empowered to set budgets and hire and fire principals .
sent1134	As Rochester teacher union leader Adam Urbanski put it : ` ` We have set the table ; we have not served the meal yet. ' '
sent1140	Relative size and the power of the purse are certainly key factors , says Samuel L. Husk , executive director of the Council of Great City Schools .
sent1143	It 's a political problem , ' ' said Ernest L. Boyer , a national spokesman for reform and president of the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching , which has produced several reports on urban school problems .
sent1145	Rochester 's Peter McWalters , named in 1986 , signaled willingness to form a working partnership with teachers .
sent1147	Pittsburgh 's superintendent , Richard C. Wallace , who arrived in 1980 as an outsider to a city enmeshed in a bitter dispute over school desegregation , helped move the school system beyond that dispute and establish it as a national model of reform .
sent1149	` ` The thing to remember is Florida had an education governor , Bob Graham , and he made a substantial investment in schools long before other states were even thinking about reform. ' '
sent1153	Still , many are encouraged by the election last year of Louisiana 's reform-minded governor , Buddy Roemer , a property tax increase last April , and a new , expanded school board .
sent1157	Lee Mitgang has covered education for the AP since 1981 .
sent1163	With exhilaration tempered by ` ` this deficit looming over everything , ' ' Bush takes office at noon Friday , convinced there is neither a need nor a mandate for dramatic change to put his imprint on the White House .
sent1176	EDITOR 'S NOTE : Walter R. Mears , vice and columnist for The Associated Press , has reported on Washington and national politics for more than 25 years .
sent1193	` ` We think this is not a very likely scenario , but it 's a check that can be done very , very quickly without disrupting service , ' ' said Federal Aviation Administration spokesman John Leyden .
sent1196	FAA Administrator Allan McArtor issued the order after the British Civil Aviation Authority ordered similar checks for three types of aircraft flown by British carriers , including the same two models of the 737 and the Airbus A320 .
sent1197	` ` We certainly believe it 's a prudent measure to go out and check to make sure there 's nothing wrong with the fleet , ' ' Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman Craig Martin said Wednesday in Seattle .
sent1200	Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .
sent1203	John Mazor , spokesman for the Air Line Pilots Association , said he could not recall a specific incident of cross-wiring , but added , ` ` It is not unheard of for brand new aircraft to come off the assembly line with wires crossed or systems improperly configured. ' '
sent1209	The investigation centers on a check and drain valve for the F404 engine that powers the Navy 's FA-18 fighter , GE spokesman Richard Kennedy said Wednesday .
sent1211	GE spokesman Richard Kennedy said Wednesday that the factory made a timer valve for the CFM56 engine used by the Boeing 737-400 as well as a check and drain valve for the F404 engine aboard the Navy 's FA-18 fighter .
sent1212	Another GE employee , attorney Robert C. Anderson , said in a letter last year that test records may have been falsified for valves used on the FA-18 in 1984-87 .
sent1214	The timer valve manufactured by GE for the CFM56 engine on the 737 could not have caused the turbine to fail or threatened flight safety even if the valve malfunctioned , Kennedy said in telephone interview from his office in Cincinnati , where GE 's aircraft engine operations are based .
sent1222	At the request of the Justice Department , all documents in the Divencenzo suit remained under seal until last Friday , when U.S. District Court Judge Carl Rubin denied a federal motion to allow the Justice Department until Feb. 1 to decide whether to join the case as a plaintiff .
sent1228	The ` ` poison pill , ' ' ruled illegal in November by U.S. District G. Ernest Tidwell , would become effective after a shareholder had acquired 10 percent of the outstanding stock .
sent1237	Pepperell , based in West Point , Ga. , manufactures Martex towels and Arrow shirts and has about a quarter of the nation 's home fashion textile market .
sent1254	U.S. Attorney Anton Valukas said the investigation into corrupt trading practices is still continuing .
sent1258	MEXICO CITY -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent1269	The government news agency Notimex reported later that leaders of the union 's locals had designated Ricardo Camero Cardiel , a local leader and senator from the northeastern city of Ciudad Madero , the union 's new secretary-general .
sent1274	Hernandez Galicia was arrested when soldiers blew down his door with a bazooka in a raid on his Ciudad Madero home .
sent1281	Details of the ` ` friendly ' ' tender offer for Aussedat-Rey SA , Europe 's leading manufacturer of photocopy paper , were not disclosed .
sent1297	GIESSEN , West Germany -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent1299	Minox 's woes are just part of the restructuring of West Germany 's proud camera industry , which has seen the only other two all-German companies , Leica and Rollei , drop out of the amateur automatic focus camera market to concentrate on producing high-priced professional gear .
sent1303	His descendants founded the Minox company in Heuchelheim on Jan. 3 , 1949 .
sent1304	` ` This is really hurting Heuchelheim , ' ' the town 's mayor Willi Marx told The Associated Press in an interview at his office earlier this month .
sent1306	Minox has not shown a profit since 1981 , and on April 1 , 1988 , Robert C. Corduwener , a Netherlands businessman bought a 51 percent share of the company to take control from the Rinn family .
sent1310	Many had hoped their loyality would convince the banks , primarily the Frankfurt-based Commerzbank and Giessen 's Bezirksparkasse bank , to continue to help Minox , but the hope backfired on those who were layed off , he said .
sent1311	While Minox is struggling , the Leica company in nearby Wetzlar , and Rollei in Braunschweig , report business has been good over the past year .
sent1317	NEW YORK -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent1330	NEW ORLEANS -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent1334	Church 's is headquartered in San Antonio .
sent1336	Guy M. Struve , the New York attorney representing Church 's , said he was disappointed and did not know when the chain would decide whether to appeal Thursday 's ruling .
sent1345	Further buying was linked to rumors that the Chilean copper company Codelco was considering shutting down its smelter at Chuquicamata , the world 's largest copper mine , due to persistent mechanical problems , said Fred Demler , metals economist with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York .
sent1364	SAN FRANCISCO -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent1366	The disclosure was contained in a half-inch-thick statement from James Cirona , president of the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco .
sent1386	Many communities running out of landfill space are eager to ship their bulky , plastic garbage to the Middletown plant , called Eaglebrook East , a branch of Eaglebrook Plastics Inc. of Chicago .
sent1395	Eaglebrook East opened in Middletown in April .
sent1405	` ` He was going pretty fast , wasn 't he ? ' ' said Daniel Urquhart , 8 , of Aumsville , whose slug crept to the championship.
sent1414	BEIRUT , Lebanon -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent1415	Text of the statement issued by the Organization of the Oppressed on Earth claiming U.S. Marine Lt. William R. Higgins was hanged.
sent1416	It was translated from Arabic by The Associated Press bureau in Beirut :
sent1417	In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.
sent1434	In southwest Louisiana 's Cameron Parish -LRB- county -RRB- , civil defense director Hayes Picou about 8 , 500 of the low-lying parish 's 10 , 000 residents had evacuated the southern coast , most to stay with friends or relatives.
sent1450	` ` The old bugaboo is where this baby is going to hit , ' ' said John Jamison , a National Weather Service meteorologist in Galveston.
sent1483	The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.
sent1496	` ` This is the first time someone brought back tangible evidence of these aircraft , ' ' said Epps , owner of Epps Aviation at suburban DeKalb Peachtree Airport , where the expedition returned in a DC-3 Monday.
sent1500	` ` We were there six days unsupported , ' ' said society co-leader Richard Taylor , an Atlanta architect.
sent1501	` ` We 'd play hearts for hours at a time , ' ' said Atlanta businessman Neil Estes.
sent1505	Epps credited Norman Vaughan , 83 , of Trapper Creek , Alaska , the last man to see the planes , with keeping the expedition 's hopes alive.
sent1523	` ` What we have witnessed , in the Israeli retaliation in kind for the kidnapping of their people , -LRB- is -RRB- that violence truly does beget violence and that I hope the United States will use this opportunity for reconciliation rather than retaliation , ' ' Mrs. Say said in an interview from her home near Cadiz in western Kentucky.
sent1524	Higgins ' sister , Mary Fisher , said from her home in the Louisville suburb of Okolona that she believed Higgins ' was dead before she saw the videotape.
sent1526	U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell , who attended church in south Louisville with Higgins in the 1950s , recommended he be given the nation 's highest honor , the Medal of Honor.
sent1534	Lancaster , a farming town of 3 , 400 , claims Higgins as a native son although he was born a county away in Danville , which had the nearest hospital , and grew up mainly in Louisville.
sent1557	There are an estimated 11 million diabetics nationwide , of whom about 2.5 million give themselves insulin shots each day , said Richard Kahn , chief scientific and medical officer for the American Diabetes Association in Alexandria , Va.
sent1558	The Environmental Protection Agency is working on a brochure advising diabetics of the best way to dispose of needles , said Robin Woods , a spokeswoman for the agency in Washington , D.C. It will suggest that diabetics place ` ` sharps ' ' _ the needle end of a syringe _ in a hard plastic or metal container like a coffee can before throwing it in the trash , Woods said.
sent1564	The Becton Dickinson Co. of Franklin Lakes , N.J. , donates the needle containers , worth about $2 each.
sent1567	Waste Disposal Co. of Randolph is preparing to offer a home needle pickup service , said Debra Bornstein , a company official.
sent1571	NEW ORLEANS -LRB- AP -RRB-
sent1575	The rig , leased by Chevron from Avis Bourg Co. of Folsom , was on its side in about 25 feet of water , a Coast Guard spokesman said.
sent1612	` ` That original one was knocked down for a reason by the tanks , and I presume this one was knocked down for the same reason , ' ' Santa Monica artist Tom Van Sant said Monday after the 23-foot-tall statue was found crushed and broken in pieces.
sent1632	` ` He is the same easy-going , soft-spoken , self-effacing man we knew as governor of New Hampshire , ' ' said Virginia Gov. Gerald Baliles , a Democrat.
sent1635	Bush , who acknowledged that Sununu was ` ` not quiet and retiring ' ' also had words for Virginia 's Baliles , who was stepping down after a year as chairman of the association.
sent1637	The president appeared a bit startled when he saw Ohio 's governor , Democrat Richard Celeste.
sent4590	In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Junior .
sent4591	The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy from the sixth floor of the building where he worked on Nov. 22 , 1963 .
sent4592	The Warren Commission determined that Lee Harvey Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building on Nov. 22 , 1963 .
sent4593	The Warren Commission determined that on Nov. 22 , 1963 , Lee Harvey Oswald fired a high-powered rifle at Kennedy 's motorcade from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building , where he worked .
sent4594	Last week , commissioners approved spending $2.3 million in county funds for constructing an outside elevator , to be used to carry visitors to the sixth floor , where Lee Harvey Oswald was believed to have perched on the day of the Kennedy assassination , Nov. 22 , 1963 .
sent4595	Today 's Highlight in History : On the Ides of March , 44 B.C. , Roman Emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated by a group of nobles that included Brutus and Cassius .
sent4596	After nearly two decades in prison for the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , James Earl Ray says he would trade places with the hostages in Lebanon .
sent4597	Ray is being held in Tennessee 's Brushy Mountain State Prison on a 99-year sentence for the April 4 , 1968 , slaying of King .
sent4598	` ` The LAPD investigation into the Robert F. Kennedy assassination by Sirhan Sirhan was exhaustive , yet public concern about its conclusions remains 20 years later , ' ' Eu said in a written statement released by her office .
sent4599	In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was sentenced to death for the assassination of New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy .
sent4600	In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was convicted of assassinating Sen. Robert F. Kennedy .
sent4601	William Leonard Jennings sobbed loudly as he appeared in a magistrates court in West Yorkshire and was charged with killing his 3-year-old son , Stephen , who was last seen alive on Dec. 12 , 1962 .
sent4602	The summary also concluded that Sirhan , who is serving a life sentence at Soledad Prison for the killing , was sane and was not under the influence of alcohol when he shot Kennedy moments after he had claimed victory in the California Democratic presidential primary .
sent4603	Although Sirhan shot Kennedy in full view of numerous spectators , controversy arose later about how many shots were fired and whether a second gunman was involved .
sent4604	In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln , was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green , Va. , and killed .
sent4605	The police files on Kennedy 's shooting could shed new light on persistent questions about whether Sirhan Bishara Sirhan was the only gunman in the shooting .
sent4606	Sirhan says he was the lone assassin but can 't remember shooting Kennedy .
sent4607	The items included the .22-caliber gun Sirhan Bishara Sirhan used to kill Kennedy on June 5 , 1968 , in the hotel kitchen .
sent4608	However , the story did not die , and triggered years of controversy over whether Sirhan Sirhan , the man convicted of killing Kennedy , had acted alone .
sent4609	Sirhan Sirhan , a Jordanian immigrant , was convicted of murdering Kennedy and is serving a life term at Soledad Prison .
sent4610	Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , was immediately arrested .
sent4611	Today 's Highlight in History : Twenty years ago , on June 6 , 1968 , at 1 : 44 a.m. local time , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles , 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan .
sent4612	That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .
sent4613	In 1968 , authorities announced the capture in London of James Earl Ray , suspected of the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .
sent4614	The Warren Commission determined that Oswald fired at Kennedy from the sixth floor of what is now the Dallas County Administration Building .
sent4615	Sen. Edward M. Kennedy says his family is disturbed by the decision to establish a museum in the Dallas building from which Lee Harvey Oswald is believed to have shot President John F. Kennedy .
sent4616	In 1977 , James Earl Ray , the convicted assassin of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , was recaptured following his escape from a Tennessee prison June 10 .
sent4617	Robert Kennedy was shot by Sirhan Sirhan and mortally wounded shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after he had addressed a crowd of supporters gathered in the Ambassador Hotel to celebrate his election victory of the day before .
sent4618	In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .
sent4619	Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .
sent4620	But Bowier said it was not surprising because of ` ` extremely cordial relations ' ' that existed between the newspaper and former President William Tolbert , assassinated in an April 1980 coup led by Gen. Samuel K. Doe .
sent4621	In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .
sent4622	Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , convicted of assassinating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968 , repeated his assertion at a Capitol Hill hearing that he did not commit the crime , saying he 'd been set up to take the blame by a mysterious man called Raoul .
sent4623	On this date : In 1533 , the last Incan King of Peru , Atahualpa , was murdered on the orders of Spanish conqueror Francisco Pizarro .
sent4624	Today 's highlight in history : In 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.
sent4625	He developed evidence regarding the assassination of President Kennedy which supported the findings of the Warren Commission that Lee Harvey Oswald was the lone assassin .
sent4626	The House Assassinations Committee concluded in 1978 that Kennedy was ` ` probably ' ' assassinated as the result of a conspiracy involving a second gunman , a finding that broke from the Warren Commission 's belief that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 .
sent4627	Lennon was shot to death Dec. 8 , 1980 , in the courtyard of his New York City apartment building by Mark David Chapman , a former Beatles ' fan who was convicted of the killing and sentenced to prison for a term of 20 years to life .
sent4628	Ten years ago : Former President Gerald R. Ford , a member of the Warren Commission that investigated President John F. Kennedy 's assassination , told a House committee he stood by the commission 's basic finding that assassin Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone .
sent4629	Lennon was fatally shot by Mark David Chapman outside the Dakota on Dec. 8 , 1980.
sent4630	Lennon was murdered by Mark David Chapman outside the Dakota on Dec. 8 , 1980 .
sent4631	Today 's highlight in history : In 1964 , the Warren Commission issued a report concluding that Lee Harvey Oswald had acted alone in assassinating President John F. Kennedy .
sent4632	In Dallas , preparations continue for a museum at the Texas School Book Depository where assassin Lee Harvey Oswald gunned down Kennedy as the presidential motorcade rode through Dealey Plaza .
sent4633	Twenty-five years after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald 's widow says she now believes Oswald did not act alone in the killing .
sent4634	Lennon was murdered outside his Upper West Side home on Dec. 8 , 1980 , by Mark David Chapman .
sent4635	Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , the convicted assassin of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , married artist Anna Sandhu in a ceremony at Brushy Mountain Penitentiary in Tennessee .
sent4636	Her husband 's assassin , Mark David Chapman , said he had decided to kill John Lennon in 1980 after reading an article about the former Beatle in a magazine , Ono said .
sent4637	Ray , 60 , was sentenced to 99 years in prison in 1969 when he pleaded guilty to shooting and killing King as the civil rights leader stood on a balcony of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis .
sent4638	Anna Sandhu Ray , who 10 years ago Thursday wed the man convicted of killing the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , said on her anniversary that she plans to divorce James Earl Ray .
sent4639	In 1901 , President William McKinley 's assassin , Leon Czolgosz , was electrocuted .
sent4640	The Warren Commission found Oswald acted alone in killing Kennedy .
sent4641	They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .
sent4642	Most of the work conducted by the Warren Commission , which concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy slaying , has been opened to the public , a move that has helped researchers evaluate _ and in many cases strongly criticize _ that investigation .
sent4643	The nine sentences noting the spot where Dallas was settled are followed by this : ` ` On Nov. 22 , 1963 , the building gained national notoriety when Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot and killed President John F. Kennedy from a sixth floor window as the presidential motorcade passed the site. ' '
sent4644	In a bizarre allegation , Anderson said the same photo analysts also concluded that a picture of three hobos near the shooting scene taken shortly after the killing appear to show Watergate conspirator E. Howard Hunt and James Earl Ray , the killer of Martin Luther King Jr .
sent4645	In 1881 , Charles J. Guiteau went on trial for the assassination of President James Garfield .
sent4646	Most of the work conducted by the Warren Commission , which concluded that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy slaying , has been opened to the public , a move that has helped researchers evaluate _ and in many cases strongly criticize _ that investigation .
sent4647	The nine sentences noting the spot where Dallas was settled are followed by this : ` ` On Nov. 22 , 1963 , the building gained national notoriety when Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot and killed President John F. Kennedy from a sixth floor window as the presidential motorcade passed the site. ' '
sent4648	Scattered among reams of FBI and Secret Service reports are fragments of the lonely life of Oswald , a Marxist who lived in obscurity and died in infamy and who the Warren Commission concluded was acting alone when he killed Kennedy .
sent4649	Booth also used an underground intelligence network for his escape after shooting Lincoln during a performance at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 , five days after Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox , the authors contend .
sent4650	Lee 's surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia had virtually ended the war by that time , but Booth thought he could save the South by killing Lincoln , said Tidwell , a retired CIA officer .
sent4651	A chart used to decipher the code was found among Booth 's effects after he was shot by Union soldiers 11 days after the assassination of Lincoln .
sent4652	John Wilkes Booth wasn 't a shiftless actor who killed Abraham Lincoln out of despondency over the South 's loss in the Civil War , but a Confederate intelligence agent , a new book contends .
sent4653	Lee Harvey Oswald bore a grudge against Texas Gov. John Connally and may have intended to kill him instead of President John F. Kennedy , according to a new book .
sent4654	The hearing was announced last week for James Earl Ray , 60 , serving 99 years for assassinating King in Memphis on April 4 , 1968 .
